KPI to evaluate the success of the knowledge transfer

To evaluate the effectiveness of the KT sessions, we have broadly divided into 3 portions along with weightage. The measurement to evaluate will be basis of ratings within the range of 1 to 10 points, reviewed by Chandan, Lidi and Sreeni
Category	: Onboarding Sessions + Hands-on
Weightage	: 25%. 
Duration	: 3 weeks
Create test for every session. Tests to include known issues or bugs that can drive the analysis and resolution by the team.  
A questionnaire will be generated based on current documentation and training videos. 
We will evaluate or grade the resulting artifacts or train of thoughts. 
For the DevOps team, we will assign specific tasks for environment creation or replication. 
For the Dev team, task will include the setting up of the local environment for development.  

Category	: Simulation 
Weightage	: 25%. 
Duration	: 4 weeks 
In addition to the test cases, we will use previous customer requests, bugs and tickets in general to generate the simulation of an issue.  
We will include complexity to cover cases for Developer, DevOps or Support can do. 
Everything will start from Support and based on knowledge acquired they can pass to the Dev team. 
Outage simulation for different components in the Ecosystem. 

Category	: Shadowing & Reverse-Shadowing 
Weightage	: 25%. 
Duration	: 2 weeks of Shadowing and 3 weeks of Reverse-Shadowing
Support Shadowing 
While shadowing the current team, the new team members are expected to document the SOP. 
Current team will be validating and Correcting the SOP. 
Development Showing 
PR Reviews, comments and recommendations. 
Describe how the issues will be solved with the tools and knowledge they have related to features and bugs. 
Support Reverse-Shadow 
Response time and Quality of the response to be evaluated by current team members. 
Customer satisfaction. Evaluate the bad ratings by doing a deep analysis of the situation. 
Developer Reverse-Shadow 
PR Reviews 
QA/Test performance. Evaluate Unit testing generation. Improve of Coverage. 
 
Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) write it down. (KPI for current team) 
Guide the creation of the SOP. (each team member) 
Completion of items in the Sprint 88 & 89 (each team member) – Need Amanda to Sprint Planning and add anything that will be include for current. 
  
Notes:  
Sonnet DevOps will drive until stabilization.
No more items in 90+ Sprints for Current teams (Task for current team only shadowing) 
 
 
